♪ [music] ♪
If you were to look at your application
and I asked you "what's the one thing that
is really, really not jiving with you
about React?" You would probably say this,
"What the hell is this?"
"this.addFish =bind(this)."
All right, so we said "this" three
times, the method name twice,
and then every time I have to add a method
onto here that I want to be bound to the
instance of that component, I need to go
up to my constructor and do this whole
song and dance. It probably seems like,
"that's a pain in the ass" because when we
used "React Create-Class" back in the day,
it did that automatically and now we have
to explicitly bind it. Now this is the
current way that we have to do it,
however, I want to take a look forward to
some of the stuff that's coming to the
language in JavaScript that's going to
make this easier. So disclaimer,
none of this stuff that I'm going to be
talking about is currently in JavaScript
but we can use it in our applications
because we use something called "Babel"
and "Babel" will compile our code down to
the browser equivalent that will work in
all of our browsers. So feel free to go
ahead and use this just know that this
stuff is currently in stage two. There are
four stages when they are presenting ideas
for the language and it might change, it
will change. I've been burned before when
I've taught with ideas that have then
changed. But I'll try to keep this video
up to date and hopefully, eventually it
will be put into language.
We're probably looking at, I don't know, a
couple years from now.
ES7 or ES2016 is already finalized so
maybe ES2017? I'm not quite sure just yet.
So what does it do? Well, let's take this
loadSample, for an example,
and let me comment out this binding here,
so we're not actually doing the binding.
I'm just going to go to my application,
visit one of the stores and try to load
some sample-fishes. Now we've commented
out loadSamples and I click that and
nothing happens. Open up your dev tools in
the console and we're going to get an
error here, "cannot read property
'setState' of null" Why? It's our
loadSamples function says, "this.
setState" and this loadsSamples is no
longer bound to the instance of that
component. So this doesn't mean that one
instance of our app component. So that's
why we had to do this.
And one thing that we can do is use what's
called a "property initializer," which
will skip that whole binding thing. And it
looks a little something like this,
we take "loadSamples" and we set it to, =
to and we set this to be an arrow function
on its own. So that's similar to this,
"function" like that, but we use an arrow
function so that it will not be bound to
that function but it will bound to the
parent. That's what an arrow function
does. Check out my ES6 series if you're
interested in learning more about arrow
functions. And then we put a semicolon on
the end. Now that's really important. You
might see examples online without that
semicolon but that was added in just
recently. Otherwise, it will break
sometime down the road so make sure you
put that semicolon in.
This is similar to putting a property on
an object, but in this case,
we use an equal sign, set it to an actual
function, and put a semicolon on.
Now I save that and try to load some
fishes, and it just works.
Right? Because I didn't have to do this
whole load samples and it works.
Let's try it with another one. Let's do
"removeFish," and remove the binding.
I'm going to try to remove a fish. It will
break. You can not call fishes of
undefined. We go down to our "removeFish"
and we change it to equals,
this can be an arrow function here, and I
will put a semicolon on the end.
The "removeFish" should work. Beautiful.
Let's do a couple more.
"UpdateFish= updatedFish" semicolon on the
end. We will remove the actual binding of
the "updateFish" and we should be able to
type it here and say "cool." I've updated
it. No problem there. So you can go
through and change all those over and
eventually be able to just delete all of
this, if you are comfortable with using a
feature that probably is going to come to
JavaScript, but you can't be guaranteed
that it might burn you in the future if it
changes or they take it out entirely.
In a previous tutorial, I used an app,
"autobind," which is something called a
decorator. It was looking good but then
they took it out and it's not looking so
good anymore. So I'm not going to be
teaching with anything that's not totally
in the language. Other things we can do
with this, instead of saying "this.
state" inside of our constructor, we can
take "this" out and we can simply just
say, "state=fishes." Right? This is just
like adding a property to an object,
except this is how you add a property
initializer, which means that every
instance of this application, or of this
app component, will get its own stage.
Then we have "fishes" and again a
semicolon, very important there.
Let's just double check that it still
works. Then also what we can do is,
let's open up our inventory. js. You can
also use this for things that you need to
do after, like our prompt types. So if I
take our prompt types then delete it,
then go into our component, we can say
"promptType=object" and in front of that,
I'm going to say "static." And the reason
I say that is we don't need a copy of this
for every single instance. It's going to
be the same for every single instance of
it so we put the word "static" in front of
it so we don't duplicate it over and over.
And that should work as well. Good, still
works. What I would challenge you to do,
maybe, if you're interested, is go through
all of your "this, this,
this, bind this" and remove them, and try
to swap them out
with using your property initializers.